add limitation regarding priority runtime migration (#9063)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/migrating-from-camunda-7/migration-tooling/data-migrator/limitations.md

  - See https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/issues/5175
- Data changed via user operations
  - Data set via user operations like setting a due date to a user task cannot be migrated currently.

>   - Priorities changed after a process instance starts are not migrated. The Diagram Converter migrates priority definitions from the process model, so migrated process instances in Camunda 8 use the priority values from the process definition.

Reviewer: @bojtospeter which type of priority does this refer to (user task priorities, job priorities, or both)? Is it worth specifying the type?

Author: Hey @zaycodes , this refers to all priorities, job, service task and user task priorities. User task priority limitation was missing from the docs before.

>   - Priorities changed after a process instance starts are not migrated. The Diagram Converter migrates priority definitions from the process model, so migrated process instances in Camunda 8 use the priority values from the process definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -  Job and process priority values are not migrated. During migration a new Camunda 8 process instance is created, so it uses the job priorities defined on its Camunda 8 process definition rather than any values from the Camunda 7 instance.
```

Two reasons for the suggested changes: 
- By scoping the limitation to changed priorities, it implicitly promises that unchanged priorities survive intact. C7's job priority and external-task priority are two independent dimensions, but in C8 they collapse into a single jobPriority (C7 external tasks become C8 jobs). So even an "unchanged" C7 priority has no guaranteed 1:1 image in C8
- The Diagram Converter clause answers a question the user didn't ask, and assumes they know what the Diagram Converter is and that they're using it.
